# PutOnt

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**iri** | **str** | The IRI of the ontology to be updated. | [optional] 
**version** | **str** | If given, this particular version will be updated. Otherwise, a new version (which is generated by the ORR) is created.  | [optional] 
**original_iri** | **str** | In case a fully-hosted registration and ontology contents are provided for this update, enter this field to indicate the original IRI to be used for the \&quot;migration\&quot; of corresponding entities to the IRI used for registration.  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | If given, this will be the new name for the ontology.  | [optional] 
**visibility** | **str** | One of: &#x60;owner&#x60; or &#x60;public&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | One of: &#x60;draft&#x60;, &#x60;unstable&#x60;, &#x60;testing&#x60;, &#x60;stable&#x60;,  &#x60;deprecated&#x60;, &#x60;archaic&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**metadata** | **str** | Ontology metadata as a JSON formatted object. This parameter allows to perform the update solely based on changes to the metadata.  | [optional] 
**uploaded_filename** | **str** | Name of file previously uploaded via prior &#x60;POST /ont/upload&#x60; request.  | [optional] 
**uploaded_format** | **str** | Format of the file previously uploaded via prior &#x60;POST /ont/upload&#x60; request.  | [optional] 
**contents** | **str** | Direct contents of the ontology.  | [optional] 
**format** | **str** | Format of the &#x60;contents&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**user_name** | **str** | Registered user making the request.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


